add gatekeeper policyset (#345)
stolostron/policy-collection: policygenerator/policy-sets/community/gatekeeper/README.md

## PolicySets for integrating Gatekeeper into RHACM

This Policysets cover:

> - Security 

Reviewer: More detail: maybe:  Applies Kubernetes security best practices to your cluster.

## Further notes on installation.

> When using ACM-Subscriptions and Placement we strongly recommend to install the following policies before you apply the Policy (Policies need to be set to enforce)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using ACM-Subscriptions and Placement we strongly recommend to install the following policies before you apply this `PolicySet` (These policies need to be set to enforce after installation)
```

```
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-configure-subscription-admin-hub.yaml
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-managedclustersetbinding.yaml
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-openshift-gitops.yaml
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-gatekeeper-config-exclude-namespaces.yaml
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ch-stark/policy-collection/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-gatekeeper-operator-downstream.yaml
```

Ensure that the Policies are applied to the Hub-Cluster, you might review the labels like `environment=dev`

The Policies should look like this in the UI.

> ![Policies](images/policies-installed.png)

Reviewer: Remove this or add the image - also there are other images referenced below that need to be added or not referenced

> Now you can create three Applications in RHACM-UI where every Application corresponds to a path under `policy-sets/community/kyverno`

Reviewer: Update for gatekeeper

## PolicySets for integrating Gatekeeper into RHACM

This Policysets cover:

- Container Security 

the examples are based on:  https://github.com/plexsystems/konstraint/tree/main/examples

## Further notes on installation.

When using ACM-Subscriptions and Placement we strongly recommend to install the following policies before you apply the Policy (Policies need to be set to enforce)

```
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-configure-subscription-admin-hub.yaml
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-managedclustersetbinding.yaml
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-openshift-gitops.yaml

> oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolostron/policy-collection/main/community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-gatekeeper-config-exclude-namespaces.yaml

Reviewer: Ideally we should remove this policy and encourage users to directly apply this configuration with the operator or helm settings instead of making it a separate policy.
